I'll teach you.
10 games, 10 games.
I see.
You're so good.
Don't say anything unnecessary.
10 games, 10 games.
5 hits.
Kaigeru Swing's Swing Over 2.
Un-Yobatsu.
Donburi Bachi.
Chouzu Bachi.
This is it.
Don't say anything unnecessary.
Donburi Bachi and Chouzu Bachi.
Do you have any jobs?
Un-Yobatsu's Un-Yobatsu.
I see.
Where you sleep, you live.
Ya-Bura Koji, Bura Koji,
Abura Koji, Oshi Koji,
and the west side of the Torai-Ichi-Chou.
Your master is Obia's Choemon.
Choemon, are you from Obia or Shinano?
Come here.
Don't say such a cruel thing.
Who said Abura Koji?
Ya-Bura Koji, Bura Koji,
and the west side of the Torai-Ichi-Chou.
Paipo, Paipo,
Wait a minute.
Don't say such a thing.
Don't make a cake and make it a doll.
You can make a cake.
Paipo, Paipo,
Paipo's Shurin-gan,
Shurin-gan's Gurin-dai,
Shun-Suke,
you're a bad guy.
You're a bad guy.
Wait a minute.
This is a good one.
You can say the name
and make a doll.
I'm so happy.
I'll make a good one.
But I can't remember
such a long name.
I'm sorry, but
I'll go home and practice.
I see.
I'll do that.
I bought it with a coin.
Thank you very much.
You're welcome.
I'll come back again.
What are you talking about?
I went home
and talked to the woman.
I married her
and lived a life of ceremony.
I lived my life
and read the book.
I remember that
and remember that
I did not die
I was alive
He is not a child of his neighbor, but a child.
He remembers that.
He comes to the school in the morning to invite him.
Jugemu, Jugemu, goko no surikirei.
Kaidari suige no suigyo bar tu.
Ungyo bar tu.
Furaibar tu.
Fune ru tokoro ni sumu tokoro.
Yabura koji, bura koji.
Paipo, paipo.
Paipo no shurin ga.
Shurin ga no furin dai.
Ponpokopi no ponpokona no.
Chokyumei no chokyumei han.